So back in our deployment project with the different demos, let me show it to you
first of all in the Node project and yes, there we already use our component, we manually copied it into
the scripts folder,
now let me show you how you could install it from npm.
There you could now simply run npm install --save and then that name you chose for your package,
uc-components for example
and make sure you unpublished your package after playing around with it here
if you don't want to leave it published and open to the public on npm which you especially should not
if there is any sensitive code in there or anything you don't want to share with the public.
So now I installed it here,
it gets added as a dependency here with the latest version I published
and now we could import it here but we want to load it in the front-end not on the back-end.
So importing it would be kind of difficult, we would have to mark
Node modules as a static folder and therefore, we would probably end up dragging it into our own scripts
folder anyways
but it's nice to see how we can install it.
This will be more useful if we do it in one of our front-end projects where all the Node modules will
actually be bundled together by some build tool and we'll end up with a project where all of that is
neatly packed together.
So for that, let's start with Angular in the next lecture.